docs: replace keys by data keys (#73)
lukso-network/LIPs: LSPs/LSP-8-IdentifiableDigitalAsset.md

<!--A short (~200 word) description of the technical issue being addressed.-->
This standard defines an interface for tokens that are identified with a `tokenId`, based on [ERC721][ERC721]. A `bytes32` value is used for `tokenId` to allow many uses of token identification including numbers, contract addresses, and hashed values (ie. serial numbers).

> This standard defines a set of data key value stores that are useful to know what the `tokenId` represents, and metadata for each `tokenId`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This standard defines a set of data key-value pairs that are useful to know what the `tokenId` represents, and the associated metadata for each `tokenId`.
```
